- [Instructor] Let's take a look
at the Executor Service Demo that you're going to execute.
Now, this is going to be a little longer demo,
so I'll request you to be patient with it.
Let's first understand what we are going to do.
We are going to implement a use case.
That use case is that we want to process users information.
What are we going to do as a part of this use case?
We are going to the read, then enter user information
from a file.
I'll show you the file in a minute.
And, once you read the user information,
you're going to process and then you're going to insert
a record for each user in the database.
The file of the user information will look like this.
It's available for you in your exercise files
under 03_04, which is this (mumbles).
You have the email,
you have the name of the person,
and then the ID.
Right?
And, you have many such users in this file.
So, what we're going to do is read this file,
read every line.
Every line represents one user record.
Right?
So, we take that user record, we process it.
Process it as is.
We'll separate out the email, the name, and the ID.
And then, all of these three parameters
are going to go into the database
as a single record.
So, let's say for Henry Cavell,
the email will be henry@gmail.com.
Henry Cavell is the name,
and 1001 is the ID.
So, there is a user table in the database,
and we're going to insert a record for Henry Cavell
in that database, right?
That's the use case that we're going to
implement for this particular Executor Service interface.
So, let's understand what we're going to do,
and what all components are we going to create
in all of that.
So, the first things is
we're not going to write everything inside
of the main method, that does not make sense.
We have to have separate components.
Each one of them doing their own responsibilities.
Okay?
So, let's say I will have a database operations class,
which is going to handle all the transactions
through the database.
We said, right, that when we read the user information
we will process it and insert a record.
So, there needs to be an insert transaction.
So, that database operation is the user Dao class.
Dow is Data Access Object.
So, we're going to create a class
which is only dedicated for the database transactions.
Okay, what's next?
The next thing is,
we will have a class,
which is of course a runnable or a callable implementation,
so that's the job of the trade,
the task that we want to perform.
And, what is that task?
It is going to process that user information
from the file, line by line.
For every line, it is going to separate out those values,
email, name, and ID,
and then it will call that user Dao class
to insert the record into the database.
That's the job of the trade.
Okay?
And then, we will write out the test class.
Now, this is the place where we will create
that Executor Service.
And then, for each user record,
we are going to submit a runnable task,
which will go and do the entire processing.
Right?
So, that's how we're going to structure this demo.
It may be a little longer,
but when you get to the end of it,
it's definitely going to feel better.